User Classes and Membership Numbers

In order to enable per-user validation as accounts are created ( to prevent
duplicates and cut down on bulk account creation by captains, a system of
user classes needs to be implemented.  This will also assignment of
membership numbers and facilitate forced renewal of account information and
agreement to a waiver every season.

The system will be implemented by modifying the 'class' field in the
'person' database table.  This field is now used solely for permissions
checking and is described at the time of this writing as:
    class   ENUM('player','volunteer','administrator') DEFAULT 'player' NOT NULL

This column will be extended to contain other classes of account as
follows:
    class  ENUM(
    	'new',
	'inactive',
	'active',
	'locked',
	'volunteer',
	'administrator') DEFAULT 'new' NOT NULL

The meanings of these classes will be:

new
	This class of user is given when a new account is created.  This
	class of account cannot log in, but the information is stored until
	an adminstrator can approve the account creation.  Approval of
	account creation transitions the user from the 'new' class to the
	'inactive' class.  The approval process can also assign a permanent
	membership number to the account.

	Users in the 'new' class cannot be viewed by other users without
	administrator privileges, nor can they be added to teams or set as
	league coordinators.

inactive
	The inactive account class is used for users that must revalidate
	the data they have entered, and click their agreement to a waiver.
	This process will take place after account creation, and annually
	or on a periodic basis to ensure that information is kept up to
	date.  Moving from the 'inactive' class to 'active' occurs when a
	user fulfills all the requirements.  At this time, those
	requirements are assumed to be:
		- confirmation of their personal information (address,
		  email, telephone, privacy preferences).  Users will not
		  be able to change their system username without
		  contacting the administrator.
		- agreement/clickthrough of a waiver of liability to the
		  league, for insurance purposes
	Once these have been completed, the user moves automatically to
	'active'.

active
	The 'active' account class takes the place of the old "player"
	class.  This allows general users to log in, view stats, create new
	teams, and perform captains' tasks if they are listed as a team
	captain.

locked
	The 'locked' class is for administrative use, when it is determined
	that a user's account needs to be disabled for some reason. 
	class of account cannot log in, and has the same restrictions as
	the 'new' class.

volunteer
	The 'volunteer' class is used to indicate certain individuals who
	can be given extra responsibility.  They currently get no direct
	privileges by virtue of this class, as it exists solely to define a
	list of users that can be marked as league administrators.
	'volunteer' class users will also not be automatically moved to the
	'inactive' state when the periodic confirmation step is required.

administrator
	The 'administrator' class gives all system privileges to users with
	it set.  By default, only the 'admin' user has this class, but it
	can be set for other users as well.  Users with this class are also
	ignored (not moved to 'inactive') when a confirmation is required.
